Add note on dependency scope change for multi tenancy with BAPI (#62)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/bapi-and-rfc/overview.mdx

- Furthermore, you must specify the environment variable `USE_JCO` to load JCo during app deployment.

> ### Subscriber Tenant Is Not Found at Runtime
> 
> In case you want to use multitenancy or multithreading you need to adapt the dependency scope of `java-api` in your project.
> This dependency comes in via the SAP Cloud SDK with the usual `compile` scope.
> However, for this special use case it has to be overriden with `provided` when using the `SAP Java Buildpack`.
> At the top of your dependency management section, before including any Cloud SDK dependencies in your project, insert the following:
> 
> ```xml
> <dependency>
>     <groupId>com.sap.cloud.security</groupId>
>     <artifactId>java-api</artifactId>
>     <version>latest-version-here</version>
>     <scope>provided</scope>
> </dependency>
> ```
>  
> :::tip
> This is necessary only if you are relying on the `SAP Java Buildpack` and want to use the [resilience](/docs/java/features/resilience/) or [multithreading and multitenancy](/docs/java/features/multi-tenancy/multi-tenancy-thread-context) capabilities of the SDK.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Subscriber Tenant Is Not Found at Runtime

In case you want to use multitenancy or multithreading you need to adapt the dependency scope of `java-api` in your project.
This dependency comes in via the SAP Cloud SDK with the usual `compile` scope.
However, for this special use-case, it has to be overridden with `provided` when using the `SAP Java Buildpack`.
At the top of your dependency management section, before including any Cloud SDK dependencies in your project, insert the following:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.sap.cloud.security</groupId>
    <artifactId>java-api</artifactId>
    <version>latest-version-here</version>
    <scope>provided</scope>
</dependency>
```
 
:::tip
This is necessary only if you are relying on the `SAP Java Buildpack` and want to use the [resilience](/docs/java/features/resilience/) or [multithreading and multitenancy](/docs/java/features/multi-tenancy/multi-tenancy-thread-context) capabilities of the SDK.
:::

```
